fix!: Make fields on S3 structs mandatory, add S3 helpers (#863)
stackabletech/operator-rs: crates/stackable-operator/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- BREAKING: Add `HostName` type and use it within LDAP and OIDC AuthenticationClass as well as S3Connection ([#863]).

### Changed

> - BREAKING: TLS verification struct now reside in the `commons::tls_verification` module, instead of being placed below `commons::authentication::tls` ([#863]).

Reviewer: suggestion: Slight rewording.

```suggestion
- BREAKING: The TLS verification struct now resides in the `commons::tls_verification` module, instead of being placed below `commons::authentication::tls` ([#863]).
```

- BREAKING: Rename the `Hostname` type to `DomainName` to be consistent with RFC 1123 ([#863]).

### Fixed

> - BREAKING: The fields `bucketName`, `connection` and `host` on `S3BucketSpec`, `InlinedS3BucketSpec` and `S3ConnectionSpec` are now mandatory. Previously operators probably errored out in case they where missing, so this should not affect users, but make the errors much clearer ([#863]).

Reviewer: suggestion: Slight rewording.

```suggestion
- BREAKING: The fields `bucketName`, `connection` and `host` on `S3BucketSpec`, `InlinedS3BucketSpec` and `S3ConnectionSpec` are now mandatory. Previously operators errored out in case these fields where missing ([#863]).
```

[#863]: https://github.com/stackabletech/operator-rs/pull/863

> ## TODO: Create a release before #863, as it's majorly breaking

Reviewer: note: This needs to be removed before merging.
